ol is the boss Dragon Ball Heroes Ultimate rear secret rely on this time
I would like to introduce people
First of all
The main premise is to have an array table
It is intended to refer Well this is a sequence listing
Yes
As video this time
Since I sent 25 bot missions, I will start with that introduction
This is
Okugawa cylinder
Here Yes you know it is the front side cylinder
Here a
Call this b
th
First is from a
There is a next
is b
Yes
Now it was a
Please remember the super rare campaign
I think that I want to describe who the view of the array
Here is entered
Well here is one set of 10
The contents of this one set are decided and super rare degree rare
ct is fixed
Now chasing yourself anywhere in the column if you look at the super rare campaign to discharge discrete to the brim
I know how
It looks like this
It is a little old days array
I read like this
But this time, the previous discharge result is yes
If you can not confirm
I hope you can see the Diet
Where did you dig when you gave 25
To introduce
It is this column
r
Do you understand?
I was digging this column cp
Super rear bb boy corps
It is a rare degree real vebit flare vegeta
Yes
It is a high-quality boy group
Tiered Doria
Yabejiton
It's a fair day g
I will go beyond the column I'm digging now
I have it
It is a cylinder of this side
A little nice to the light
Tsukare-play essentials ge
Bobbidi via Goku boyhood of Rear
Atochotto adviser has shifted but will not go and want hurts
The jerk
Sweet potato
It is in the minute department
It is also not match of course need to breath
I'm doing this now I wonder where I stand now
I will look for
It may not be as the arrangement of the teak letter Mercer
Please note
How to put in this hand
In the form
It is better not to be a genius but
Please be Toka get to close friends
It is also a way of cylinder reason
It is that there is not a discharge port at the Cala
In the card outlet that was smashed
Good card from there
From 2 of Pirapira
I say this and pro
I guess it's coming in
It is a job of judgment of a and b at this time
The clothes here
Entered at the base of the part
Give the 2
Seeing only the first joint from above
Make it visible and bend like this
It is a picture seen from above Mako
And then it fell the card doing this
Face injury lightly Luke hit the front side
And solder Te
It's roughly now , but you should be able to roughly judge with this
I may decide to stand vertically or horizontally, but I'm basically doing this
Hold your hand on 2 and bend your body a little
The cylinder on the front side or the cylinder of Okigawa can be identified
If you compare this well with the technology of this technology technology cylinder reason and enter the tee
Pearl pin clear c good
I think Matthias will double
Well it's a little longer now
Thank you very much